!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
AUTO	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^            AUTO { @Override PpcFormat newInstance(Builder b) {$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PpcFormat.Builder.Variant	file:
BaseTaggableObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^public class BaseTaggableObject implements TaggableObject {$/;"	c	language:Java
BriefLogFormatter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^public class BriefLogFormatter extends Formatter {$/;"	c	language:Java
Builder	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private Builder() {}$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
Builder	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static class Builder {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
CODE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^        CODE {$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PpcAutoFormat.Style	file:
CODE_MPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_MPPC = "mPPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
CODE_MPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_MPPC = "mPPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
CODE_PPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_PPC = "PPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
CODE_PPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_PPC = "PPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
CODE_UPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_UPPC = "µPPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
CODE_UPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final String CODE_UPPC = "µPPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
COIN_CODE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static final String COIN_CODE = "PPC";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
COIN_SCALE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static final int COIN_SCALE = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
COIN_SYMBOL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static final String COIN_SYMBOL = "Ꝑ";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
COIN_SYMBOL_ALT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected static final String COIN_SYMBOL_ALT = "Ꝑ";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
DECIMALS_PADDING	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private static final String DECIMALS_PADDING = "0000000000000000"; \/\/ a few more than necessary for Peercoin$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
DECIMALS_PADDING	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private static final String DECIMALS_PADDING = "0000000000000000"; \/\/ a few more than necessary for Peercoin$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
DEFAULT_INITIAL_MILLIS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_INITIAL_MILLIS = 100;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_MILLIS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_MILLIS = 30 * 1000;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
DEFAULT_MULTIPLIER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public static final float DEFAULT_MULTIPLIER = 1.1f;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
ExchangeRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public ExchangeRate(Coin coin, Fiat fiat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
ExchangeRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public ExchangeRate(Fiat fiat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
ExchangeRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^public class ExchangeRate implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
ExponentialBackoff	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public ExponentialBackoff(Params params) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
ExponentialBackoff	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^public class ExponentialBackoff implements Comparable<ExponentialBackoff> {$/;"	c	language:Java
FIAT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat FIAT = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(2, 1);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
FIAT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat FIAT = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(2, 1);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
FIXED	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^            FIXED,$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PpcFormat.Builder.Variant	file:
FRIENDLY_FORMAT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    private static final MonetaryFormat FRIENDLY_FORMAT = MonetaryFormat.FIAT.postfixCode();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Fiat	file:
Fiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    private Fiat(final String currencyCode, final long value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat	file:
Fiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^public final class Fiat implements Monetary, Comparable<Fiat>, Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
MICROCOIN_SCALE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static final int MICROCOIN_SCALE = 6;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
MILLICOIN_SCALE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static final int MILLICOIN_SCALE = 3;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
MPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat MPPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(3).minDecimals(2).optionalDecimals(2);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
MPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat MPPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(3).minDecimals(2).optionalDecimals(2);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private MonetaryFormat(char negativeSign, char positiveSign, char zeroDigit, char decimalMark, int minDecimals,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^public final class MonetaryFormat {$/;"	c	language:Java
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private MonetaryFormat(char negativeSign, char positiveSign, char zeroDigit, char decimalMark, int minDecimals,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
MonetaryFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^public final class MonetaryFormat {$/;"	c	language:Java
PLAIN_FORMAT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    private static final MonetaryFormat PLAIN_FORMAT = MonetaryFormat.FIAT.minDecimals(0).repeatOptionalDecimals(1, 4).noCode();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Fiat	file:
PPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat PPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(2, 2);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
PPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat PPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(2, 3);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
Params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^        public Params() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff.Params
Params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^        public Params(long initialMillis, float multiplier, long maximumMillis) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff.Params
Params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public static class Params {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
PpcAutoFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    protected PpcAutoFormat(Locale locale, Style style, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
PpcAutoFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^public final class PpcAutoFormat extends PpcFormat {$/;"	c	language:Java
PpcFixedFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    protected PpcFixedFormat($/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
PpcFixedFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^public final class PpcFixedFormat extends PpcFormat {$/;"	c	language:Java
PpcFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected PpcFormat(DecimalFormat numberFormat, int minDecimals, List<Integer> groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
PpcFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^public abstract class PpcFormat extends Format {$/;"	c	language:Java
REPEATING_DOUBLETS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public static final int[] REPEATING_DOUBLETS = {2,2,2,2,2,2,2};$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
REPEATING_PLACES	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public static final int[] REPEATING_PLACES   = {1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1};$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
REPEATING_TRIPLETS	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public static final int[] REPEATING_TRIPLETS = {3,3,3,3,3};$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
SMALLEST_UNIT_EXPONENT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public static final int SMALLEST_UNIT_EXPONENT = 4;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Fiat
SYMBOL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^        SYMBOL {$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PpcAutoFormat.Style	file:
ScaleMatcher	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        ScaleMatcher(Pattern p, int s) { pattern = p; scale = s; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.ScaleMatcher
ScaleMatcher	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private class ScaleMatcher {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
Style	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    public enum Style {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
TaggableObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^public interface TaggableObject {$/;"	i	language:Java
UNSET	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^            UNSET;$/;"	e	language:Java	enum:PpcFormat.Builder.Variant	file:
UPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat UPPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(6).minDecimals(0).optionalDecimals(0);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
UPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public static final MonetaryFormat UPPC = new MonetaryFormat().shift(6).minDecimals(0).optionalDecimals(2);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
Variant	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private enum Variant {$/;"	g	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
add	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat add(final Fiat value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
apply	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^        abstract void apply(DecimalFormat decimalFormat);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat.Style
atMaximum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^	private boolean atMaximum = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff	file:
backoff	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    private float backoff;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff	file:
boxAsList	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static List<Integer> boxAsList(int[] elements) throws IllegalArgumentException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
build	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public PpcFormat build() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
builder	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static Builder builder() { return new Builder(); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
calculateFractionPlaces	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static int calculateFractionPlaces($/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
ci	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private volatile String ci = "(" + COIN_SYMBOL + "|" + COIN_SYMBOL_ALT + "|Ꝑ|" + COIN_CODE + "|PPC)";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat code(int codeShift, String code) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public String code() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat code(int codeShift, String code) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public String code() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public String code() { return prefixCode(coinCode(), scale); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private String symbol = "",code = "",pattern = "",localizedPattern = "";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
code	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder code(String val) { code = val; return this; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
codePrefixed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final boolean codePrefixed;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
codePrefixed	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final boolean codePrefixed;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
codeSeparator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final char codeSeparator;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
codeSeparator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat codeSeparator(char codeSeparator) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
codeSeparator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final char codeSeparator;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
codeSeparator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat codeSeparator(char codeSeparator) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
codes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final Map<Integer, String> codes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
codes	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final Map<Integer, String> codes;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
coin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public final Coin coin;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
coinCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public String coinCode() { synchronized(numberFormat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
coinPattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private Pattern coinPattern;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
coinSymbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public String coinSymbol() { synchronized(numberFormat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
coinToFiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public Fiat coinToFiat(Coin convertCoin) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/package-info.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoinj.utils;$/;"	p	language:Java
compareTo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public int compareTo(ExponentialBackoff other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
compareTo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public int compareTo(final Fiat other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
currencyCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public final String currencyCode;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Fiat
decimalGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final List<Integer> decimalGroups;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
decimalGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final List<Integer> decimalGroups;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
decimalGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected final List<Integer> decimalGroups;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
decimalMark	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final char decimalMark;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
decimalMark	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat decimalMark(char decimalMark) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
decimalMark	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final char decimalMark;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
decimalMark	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat decimalMark(char decimalMark) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
defaultLocale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static Locale defaultLocale() { return Locale.getDefault(); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
denomMatchers	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    ScaleMatcher[] denomMatchers() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
denominateAndRound	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private BigDecimal denominateAndRound(BigInteger satoshis, int minDecimals, List<Integer> fractionGroups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
denoms	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private volatile ScaleMatcher[] denoms;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
digits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat digits(char zeroDigit) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
digits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat digits(char zeroDigit) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
divide	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat divide(final long divisor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
divide	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public long divide(final Fiat divisor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
divideAndRemainder	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat[] divideAndRemainder(final long divisor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean equals(final Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    @Override public boolean equals(Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    @Override public boolean equals(Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
equals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    @Override public boolean equals(Object o) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
fiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public final Fiat fiat;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
fiatToCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExchangeRate.java	/^    public Coin fiatToCoin(Fiat convertFiat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRate
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^    public String format(LogRecord logRecord) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BriefLogFormatter
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public CharSequence format(Monetary monetary) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public CharSequence format(Monetary monetary) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private StringBuffer format(Object qty, StringBuffer toAppendTo, FieldPosition pos,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public String format(Object qty, int minDecimals, int... fractionGroups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public StringBuffer format(Object qty, StringBuffer toAppendTo, FieldPosition pos) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public StringBuffer format(Object qty, StringBuffer toAppendTo, FieldPosition pos,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
formatToCharacterIterator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public AttributedCharacterIterator formatToCharacterIterator(Object obj) { synchronized(numberFormat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
fractionDigits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder fractionDigits(int val) { return minimumFractionDigits(val); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
fractionGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private int[] fractionGroups = {};$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
fractionGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder fractionGroups(int... val) { fractionGroups = val; return this; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
fractionPlaceGroups	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public int[] fractionPlaceGroups() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
fractionPlaces	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    public int fractionPlaces() { return minimumFractionDigits; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
getAvailableLocales	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static Locale[] getAvailableLocales() { return NumberFormat.getAvailableLocales(); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCodeInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCodeInstance() { return getCodeInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCodeInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCodeInstance(Locale locale) { return getInstance(CODE, locale); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCodeInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCodeInstance(Locale locale, int minDecimals) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCodeInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCodeInstance(int minDecimals) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCoinInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCoinInstance() { return getCoinInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCoinInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCoinInstance(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCoinInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCoinInstance(Locale locale, int scale, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCoinInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getCoinInstance(int minFractionPlaces, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getCurrencyCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public String getCurrencyCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance() { return getInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Locale locale) { return getCodeInstance(locale); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Locale locale, int minDecimals) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Style style) { return getInstance(style, defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Style style, Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Style style, Locale locale, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(Style style, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(int scale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(int scale, Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(int scale, Locale locale, int minDecimals, List<Integer> groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(int scale, Locale locale, int minDecimals, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getInstance(int scale, int minDecimals, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMicroInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMicroInstance() { return getMicroInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMicroInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMicroInstance(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMicroInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMicroInstance(Locale locale, int scale, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMicroInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMicroInstance(int scale, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMilliInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMilliInstance() { return getMilliInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMilliInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMilliInstance(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMilliInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMilliInstance(Locale locale, int scale, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getMilliInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getMilliInstance(int scale, int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getRetryTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public long getRetryTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
getSymbolInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getSymbolInstance() { return getSymbolInstance(defaultLocale()); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getSymbolInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getSymbolInstance(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getSymbolInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getSymbolInstance(Locale locale, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getSymbolInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public static PpcFormat getSymbolInstance(int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
getTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^    public ByteString getTag(String tag) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BaseTaggableObject
getTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^    ByteString getTag(String tag);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:TaggableObject
getTags	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^    public synchronized Map<String, ByteString> getTags() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BaseTaggableObject
getTags	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^    public Map<String, ByteString> getTags();$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:TaggableObject
getValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public long getValue() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    @Override public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
hashCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    @Override public int hashCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
inSatoshis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static BigInteger inSatoshis(Object qty) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
init	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^    public static void init() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BriefLogFormatter
initVerbose	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^    public static void initVerbose() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BriefLogFormatter
initial	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^        private final float initial;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff.Params	file:
isGreaterThan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean isGreaterThan(Fiat other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
isLessThan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean isLessThan(Fiat other) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
isMaxmimum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^	public boolean isMaxmimum() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
isNegative	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean isNegative() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
isPositive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean isPositive() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
isZero	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public boolean isZero() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
locale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private Locale locale = defaultLocale();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
locale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder locale(Locale val) { locale = val; return this; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
localizedPattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private String symbol = "",code = "",pattern = "",localizedPattern = "";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
localizedPattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder localizedPattern(String val) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
logger	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^    private static Logger logger;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:BriefLogFormatter	file:
longValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public long longValue() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
maximum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^        private final float maximum;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff.Params	file:
maybeGetTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^    public synchronized ByteString maybeGetTag(String tag) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BaseTaggableObject
maybeGetTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^    @Nullable ByteString maybeGetTag(String tag);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:TaggableObject
messageFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BriefLogFormatter.java	/^    private static final MessageFormat messageFormat = new MessageFormat("{3,date,hh:mm:ss} {0} {1}.{2}: {4}\\n{5}");$/;"	f	language:Java	class:BriefLogFormatter	file:
minDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final int minDecimals;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
minDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat minDecimals(int minDecimals) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
minDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final int minDecimals;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
minDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat minDecimals(int minDecimals) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
minimumFractionDigits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private int minimumFractionDigits = 2;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
minimumFractionDigits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder minimumFractionDigits(int val) { minimumFractionDigits = val;  return this; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
minimumFractionDigits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected final int minimumFractionDigits;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
multiplier	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^        private final float multiplier;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff.Params	file:
multiply	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat multiply(final long factor) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
negate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat negate() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
negativeSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final char negativeSign;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
negativeSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat negativeSign(char negativeSign) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
negativeSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final char negativeSign;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
negativeSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat negativeSign(char negativeSign) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
negify	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected static String negify(String pattern) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
newInstance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^            PpcFormat newInstance(Builder b) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder.Variant
noCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat noCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
noCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat noCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
numberFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected final DecimalFormat numberFormat; \/\/ warning: mutable$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
offSatoshis	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static int offSatoshis(int scale) { return Coin.SMALLEST_UNIT_EXPONENT - scale; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
optionalDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat optionalDecimals(int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
optionalDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat optionalDecimals(int... groups) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
params	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    private final Params params;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff	file:
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public Coin parse(String str) throws NumberFormatException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public Coin parse(String str) throws NumberFormatException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public Coin parse(String source) throws ParseException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
parse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public Coin parse(String source, ParsePosition pos) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
parseFiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public static Fiat parseFiat(final String currencyCode, final String str) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
parseFiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public Fiat parseFiat(String currencyCode, String str) throws NumberFormatException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
parseFiat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public Fiat parseFiat(String currencyCode, String str) throws NumberFormatException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
parseObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public final Object parseObject(String source, ParsePosition pos) { return parse(source, pos); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
parseValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private long parseValue(String str, int smallestUnitExponent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
parseValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private long parseValue(String str, int smallestUnitExponent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
pattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private String symbol = "",code = "",pattern = "",localizedPattern = "";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
pattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder pattern(String val) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
pattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Pattern pattern;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.ScaleMatcher
pattern	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public String pattern() { synchronized(numberFormat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
positiveSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final char positiveSign;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
positiveSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat positiveSign(char positiveSign) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
positiveSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final char positiveSign;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
positiveSign	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat positiveSign(char positiveSign) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
postfixCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat postfixCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
postfixCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat postfixCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
prefixCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat prefixCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
prefixCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat prefixCode() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
prefixCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected static String prefixCode(String code, int scale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
prefixLabel	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    private static String prefixLabel(int scale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat	file:
prefixSymbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected static String prefixSymbol(String symbol, int scale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
prefixUnitsIndicator	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected static void prefixUnitsIndicator(DecimalFormat numberFormat, int scale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
repeatOptionalDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat repeatOptionalDecimals(int decimals, int repetitions) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
repeatOptionalDecimals	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat repeatOptionalDecimals(int decimals, int repetitions) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
retryTime	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    private long retryTime;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff	file:
roundingMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final RoundingMode roundingMode;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
roundingMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat roundingMode(RoundingMode roundingMode) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
roundingMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final RoundingMode roundingMode;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
roundingMode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat roundingMode(RoundingMode roundingMode) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    protected int scale() { return COIN_SCALE; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    protected int scale(BigInteger satoshis, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    private final int scale;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat	file:
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    protected int scale(BigInteger satoshis, int fractionPlaces) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public int scale() { return scale; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private int scale = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder scale(int val) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public int scale;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.ScaleMatcher
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected abstract int scale();$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
scale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    protected abstract int scale(BigInteger satoshis, int fractionPlaces);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
setFormatterDigits	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static ImmutableList<Integer> setFormatterDigits(DecimalFormat formatter, int min, int max) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
setSymbolAndCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static DecimalFormatSymbols setSymbolAndCode(DecimalFormat numberFormat, String sign) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
setSymbolAndCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    private static DecimalFormatSymbols setSymbolAndCode(DecimalFormat numberFormat, String symbol, String code) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat	file:
setTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^    public synchronized void setTag(String tag, ByteString value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:BaseTaggableObject
setTag	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/TaggableObject.java	/^    void setTag(String tag, ByteString value);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:TaggableObject
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final int shift;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat shift(int shift) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final int shift;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat shift(int shift) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
signum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public int signum() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
smallestUnitExponent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public int smallestUnitExponent() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
style	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private Style style = PpcAutoFormat.Style.CODE;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
style	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder style(PpcAutoFormat.Style val) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
subtract	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public Fiat subtract(final Fiat value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
symbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public String symbol() { return prefixSymbol(coinSymbol(), scale); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
symbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private String symbol = "",code = "",pattern = "",localizedPattern = "";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
symbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        public Builder symbol(String val) { symbol = val; return this; }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder
symbols	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^    public DecimalFormatSymbols symbols() { synchronized(numberFormat) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFormat
tags	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/BaseTaggableObject.java	/^    @Nullable protected Map<String, ByteString> tags;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:BaseTaggableObject
toFriendlyString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public String toFriendlyString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
toPlainString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public String toPlainString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcAutoFormat.java	/^    public String toString() { return "Auto-format " + pattern(); }$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcAutoFormat
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFixedFormat.java	/^    public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:PpcFixedFormat
trackFailure	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public void trackFailure() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
trackSuccess	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/ExponentialBackoff.java	/^    public void trackSuccess() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExponentialBackoff
value	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public final long value;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Fiat
valueOf	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/Fiat.java	/^    public static Fiat valueOf(final String currencyCode, final long value) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Fiat
variant	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/PpcFormat.java	/^        private Variant variant = Variant.UNSET;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:PpcFormat.Builder	file:
withLocale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat withLocale(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
withLocale	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    public MonetaryFormat withLocale(Locale locale) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat
zeroDigit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MonetaryFormat.java	/^    private final char zeroDigit;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
zeroDigit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoinj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/peercoinj/utils/MoneyFormat.java	/^    private final char zeroDigit;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetaryFormat	file:
